I'm Carter, a Software Engineer, Data Analyst, and Machine Learning researcher with MIT's Lincoln Lab. I'm broadly interested in runtime and power optimization of contemporary ML techniques from a software engineering perspective. I'm **most** interested in optimization of neural network operations: Model-level optimizations, a hardware-aware implementation, and deployment.

My undergraduate degree was in Aeronautical Engineering with a concentration in Space Vehicle design. After graduation, however, I found a deep love for software and data analysis through my work with MIT's Lincoln Lab. I've taken non-matriculating graduate courses with MIT through their Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL) and wish to pursue these studies in the future as part of a degree-seeking graduate program. I would like to contribute to the advancement of the tools and topics I have come to associate with my personal purpose.

In my time at lincoln, I have both executed and led the archtitecting, testing, and deployment of many kinds of software systems. Some have been small, bespoke data analytics systems using pre-trained ML models pulled from the internet and quickly integrated and evaluated. Others have been large, enterprise-level networks of inter-dependent microservices with many streams of data ingest, tightly controlled and security-sensitive data persistence, and mission-critical, high-performance data publishing. My love is for the creation of machines that breathe.
